# SNHU-CS-305-Software-Security
The client, Artemis Financial, is a financial consulting company that develops individualized financial plans for its customers that include savings, retirement, investments, and insurance. The client wants to implement additional security into their existing application. After running the Maven dependency check, I was able to determine all of the potential vulenerabilities within their current application. Then I listed the vulnerabilities and the ways to solve the vulnerabilities. Secure coding protects company assests, clients, reputation, and protects companies from potential legal problems due to data leaks or data breaches. The most challenging part of this assignment was getting the dependency check to work, but it didn't take long to make it work. To increase layers of security, I recommended to update all the dependencies to their latest versions, to implement HTTPS, to implement different forms of encryption, and to implement input validationa and error handling into multiple classes. In the future, I will continue to use the Maven dependency check to check for potential vulnerabilities. To ensure that I did not add any additional vulnerabilities, I periodically ran debugs and dependency checks. I used secure coding practices and industry standard best practices when coding and used the Maven dependency check in this assignment, and I will continue to do so in the future. I will show future employers that I follow industry standard best practices and secure coding practices when developing code. I will also show that I am capable of running a dependency check on an application, and I can comprehend the results of the depenedency check to identify potential vulnerabilities and provide potential solutions. 
